+++
title = "ABOUT"
date = 2026-03-21T22:16:57.147883-06:00
draft = false
weight = 0
+++

In 2005 when legendary Roots MC, Black Thought dubbed him the “Signtologist,” nobody knew exactly how far Denver-based Dan Ericson, best known as Dunn The Street Sign Artist, would take the new name. Since beginning this seemingly fateful journey, Dunn has become the creator of a soulfully crafted cycle the likes of which the art, hip-hop or urban street scenes have never seen. This entirely green artist has turned his art form into a science, recycling hundreds of street signs into unique homages to the musicians, actors, public figures and athletes that inspire him. An unconventional art form to say the least, Dunn fell upon using street signs as canvas by chance. Fate, a love of urban culture, and an extensive animation and graphic design background led him to the pieces you see today. Dunn’s work is owned by a number of artists such as Rakim, De La Soul, Spike Lee, Digable Planets, Pharrell and Wyclef Jean. This outreach on his part has allowed his artwork to gain national attention as well as helping to complete the cycle of inspiration. Further, XXL realized Dunn’s talent before many others and brought his work to a whole new level when he was featured in Dec 2007 issue. Dunn recognizes and appreciates the liberal investment the Denver art and hip hop communities have given him and aims to repay that in full by donating pieces whenever asked to charity. Using his position to pay tribute to fellow artists and consistently drawing attention to the great city of Denver and all it has to offer fellow artists and members of the hip hop community. Dunn has found a unique way to turn ordinary to extraordinary while staying within the intent and the criterion of the sign itself. Rare is it that we stumble upon an artist so telling of the time. His eco-friendly work has been seen worldwide in art shows, on television and in the homes of those he paints. His portraits speak to a generation advocating change-not only for our environment, but for the media that molds us. Dunn has shown his work around the country New York, California, Nevada, Texas and of course he always has work up in Colorado. Keep up to date with all his up coming shows at www.thesigntologist.com Fine Artist Cirrus Social Club – Custom Signage Denver, CO (2025) Backstage Signage at The Fillmore Denver, CO (2024) American Jazz Museum “Saxophone Supreme” KC,MO (2020) Optimo “Biggie Inspires” Brooklyn, NY (2019) Vision Zero “Slow The Funk Down” Denver, CO (2018) Universal Hip Hop Museum Permanent Collection Bronx, NY (2018) Levitt Pavilion Backstage Collection Denver, CO (2017 – Current) American Jazz Museum Permanent Collection Kansas City, MO (2017) Test Kitchen at The Black Box Denver, CO (2017) Artopia Denver, CO (2017) Harlem Fine Artshow Richard Beavers Gallery Brooklyn, NY (2013) The BoomBox Richard Beavers Gallery Brooklyn, NY (2013) See You At the Show Unspkeable Projects San Francisco, CA (2013) ArtPad San Francisco, CA (2013) Solo Show at House Of Rock “Live At The Loop” Corpus Christi, TX (2013) Solo Show at Produce Corpus Christi, TX (2013) SoGnar’s Shred Circuit National Tour (2013) Co-Produced & Curated 13 Lumens Candle Art Show Denver, CO (2012) Mural Project “Basquait” Metropolitan State College Center For Visual Art Denver, CO (2012) Solo Show at Kultured Chameleon Kansas City, MO (2012) Contemporary Art Fair New York, NY (2012) Group Show at Gallery 3 Reno, NV (2012) Solo Show at Gallery 3 Reno, NV (2012) Represented in New York through House of Art ? Richard Beavers Gallery (2012 -2018) Signtologist Suite in Nu Hotel Brooklyn, NY (2012) Outdoor Group Show “Your Keys To The City” Art Piano Denver, CO (2012) Curator for “The Art Of Records” Denver, Co (2012) SoGnar’s Mighty Midwest National Tour (2012) Solo Show at Akomplice | Fuzion Santa Barbara, CA (2011) QR Quick Response Art Show Produced & Co-Curated Denver, CO Pittsburgh, PA & San Francisco, CA (2011) Cherry Creek Art Festival at Division West Denver, CO (2011) Featured Artist in Westword’s “Artopia” Denver, CO. (2008 & 2010) Nominated for Best Street Artist of 2009 Santa Fe Art District Denver, CO Whole Foods Green #5 Art Show Denver, CO Co-Produced & Curated Prayer Candle Shows “Waxburner” & “13 Lumens” Chicago, IL. & Denver, CO. (2008 – 2010) Tote bag Show Benefit for Hudson River Clear Water Beacon, NY. (2008) Denver Arts Week Featured artist at Denver Performing Arts Complex. (2007) Publications Architectural Digest – Web (2023) 9 News KUSA – TV (2025,2024,2021,2010,2009, 2008) Voyager Denver (2020) BuzzFeed (2019) Denver 7 – TV (2019) Fox News – TV (2019) The Source (2013) Love & Hip Hop – TV (2013) Hi Fructose (2012) Huffington Post (2012) 5280 Magazine Article “Sign Language” (September 2011) Dime Magazine (2011) The Onion (2008) Denver Post (2008) XXL (2007 & 2010) Nickelback “Rockstar” Music video (2008) Denver Remix Clothing View Cart $30.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page Details Superman Stickers View Cart $5.00 Add to cart Details Prince Stickers View Cart $4.00 Add to cart Details Hustle Stickers View Cart $5.00 Add to cart Details JMB Stickers View Cart $5.00 Add to cart Details ShockG Stickers View Cart $5.00 Add to cart Details DMX Stickers View Cart $5.00 Add to cart Details
